>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So one thing I will do
very quickly is, we'll go back to my app,
component dot html and
I'm going to just pull this out.
And in its place,
let's put in the projects.
So we'll go to the ProjectsModule.
I'm just going to,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Export
the ProjectsComponent so
that it's available here.
So this is in the ProjectsStyleModule.
We're exporting the Projects.Component.
And then I'll hop back
into app.component.html.
And we will add in app.project, and
I can see that because we
have exported this properly
that the code was able to pick that up.
So Intellisense is amazing
when it's working,
it is incredibly
frustrating when it's not.
All right so
now we just add it in our projects
component into our app component.html.
So if we go back Into our application,
we can see here local host,
4200, project works!
And so this is very, very small, but this
is typically default when you generate
the component that it just says whatever
the component's name is, it works.
Now, let's hop into our snippets,
and let's build this out.
And so I'm going into the snippets file.
So if you go to the projects component,
down here we're just
going to copy this and
we're going to paste this in to our code.
So this is all HTML, so
in our projects.component.html
we're going to paste this in.
Now you'll notice here that in our
math card content these different
angular material things that it's
angry like what's happening.
Because the projects component
is behind a module we need
to go to the projects module,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Here and
we need to import the material module.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Like so.
Now if we go back into our component
that the language services
hasn't caught up but
this should be good to go.
As you can see here that now
we have some basic layout and
we could start to work with this.
So this is strictly just basic HTML.
While we're here, since we're
building this out, let's go up and
let's also do the App Component.
So we'll just copy App Component and
if we go to app component.html,
I am going to just paste this in.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Here, and
I'll walk through the structure
here in just a moment,
of what we are doing.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right, so
just make sure that this renders, and
I will catch everybody up
on what we are saying.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So this is our
component, or projects component.
The difference is that we have
went into our app component,
and using angular material we started
to structure some components.
And so we have our tool bar right here.
With our icon, we have our logo,
some different things.
So these are strictly just structural,
here's how we're going to organize.
As you can imagine,
we created the UI tool bar,
anybody want to take a guess where
this is going to be going eventually?
Into that lib.
Then we have a sidenav-container.
What this does is it allows us
to basically put a navigation
into the sidenav, and then just outside
of that we have our main content.
So if anybody would like me to
offer more commentary on some on
angular material components.
But I typically find their
fairly self descriptive and
that's nearly interesting is what's
happening under the hood in the angular.
And so
if we go back to our projects component,
what we see here is I just have
two columns and two cards.
Okay, so this is a very basic component.
There's not other than
the angular components themselves
that very well documented.
We're not doing anything yet.
Yes sir?
>> Speaker 2: Do you have ES code
extension that's doing that?
Sort of smart looking into your angular
modules and determining what's going on.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So there's angular
language services under the hood.
That's kind of surfacing some of
the angular pieces as well as,
because this is type script,
that it's able to infer certain things
that well, this is now being
exported from this thing.
It is now available.
And most modern browsers or
modern IDEs will do that.
So WebStorm and VSCode,
I kind of flip flop between the two, and
they're pretty good about
introspecting and seeing the code.